✔ = Done
✖ = Cannot Complete


   ----- TODO: -----
Get list of character names saved to the database.
If no char names exist, default to start making a new char.
Display list to choose which one to play?
If Existing Name is False, default to 'Create New Character'.
Double check with the user to make sure they want to create a new char IF chars already exist.
Character Class is set by the initial dice rolls, if you assign higher STR then you get a physical class.
You are not allowed to roll the same number for each stat in the first revision.
I may end up letting the player decide on a CUSTOM class but thats not going to be anytime soon.
Starter Weapon will be a wooden sword/wand all stats will start at random based on class chosen.
If old char names exist, then match it to the input.
When matched correctly, the character will load into the menu.
Double check with the user to make sure they want to create a new char IF chars already exist.
Menu has a few options; use/view skill, rest, inventory, quit.
Get a list of standard personal fantasy armor types, place it into the Item.cs file for future use.
Eventually, tools and equipment will have a set value and can be bought and sold.
All Equipment needs to have an 'equip' option.


   ----- WANT: -----
Eventually I want to add the ability to do hit/miss, and have other skills factor into a roll.
To start I want to have an automatic character creation system to get things rolling.
Once the database is setup and functional, I can create a character and edit it.
Eventually I want to add armor as well, like classic fantasy armor, and scifi "armors" too.
I already have a file named 'Mech' so I think I have what it takes to get started there.
I need to setup a list of skills that can be chosen by the player, should I limit the number of skills they can choose?

What is --SemVer ?


   ----- Consider? -----
Should I bite the bullet and just make a UI for this?
Am I really considering making a full text based RPG? or just a framework for my game?
FFS what am I doing with my life...


   ----- Personal Opinion -----
When dealing with different values that have similar names, snake is better.
Creating a new variable that has no correlation to other variables gets to have camel.
Nouns come before Adjectives when creating variables:
   broccliNasty = true
   coffeeBlack = "caffeine"
   soda_Small = 6
   soda_Large = 42
I expect this to bite me in the ass later, but thats for Future Me to deal with.